so today marks the anniversary the two
year anniversary since i made my smash
hit why i have no friends which i think
is how most of you guys found my channel
in the first place and i thought well
it's been two years now two years has
passed
how do i feel now about having friends
and not having friends
do i have friends yet no i don't
i probably sound feminine when i speak
japanese too because i never hung out
with japanese guys
i only ever hung out with japanese women
and spoke to japanese women
so i never really picked up from like
the mayor
characteristics characteristics
carrot parrot carrots
characteristics
and you see this is another thing
why i sound feminine and like a [ __ ] in
english because i don't hang out with
english guys i've kind of had a
reason the whole point of having friends
is for men
to practice their social skills with
each other and they practice their
banting banter and their wittiness and
jokes so when they meet a woman so i
think if i had
like masculine friends i hung out with
i'd probably start sounding more
masculine i can honestly say that having
male friends and hanging out with
friends is not as great as everyone
seems to be trying to convince me that
it is to be honest i'd rather just sit
by myself playing rainbow six or playing
some scrabble go on my phone or just
staring out the window daydreaming i
feel like that's way more enjoyable and
relaxing than hanging out with a bunch
of sweaty men it's like play fighter so
lions cubs they'll play fight practice
hunting
basically men they socialize with other
men to like practice their social skills
so by the time they they're ready to
meet women they've already got years and
years of experience
hanging out with guys honing the
conversational skills i just i got no
experience hanging out with a bunch of
guys i don't really understand why so
many people keep trying to convince me
that having male friends is so important
they say stuff to me like daniel don't
you ever wish you had a bunch of male
friends who you could just hang out with
and drink
alcohol with and
do dumb stuff with and honestly i've
never really wanted that i feel like the
guys who do well with girls
they're not afraid they're not afraid to
upset the girl that they'll antagonize
the girl like kind of making fun of her
in a joking way
i think girls like that they like being
challenged
whereas i never challenged a girl make
fun of girls i'm very nice
i just kind of go along with anything
they say they never
say no you're wrong or why do you think
that
it's like this
[Music]
i don't know if girls like that
i guess for most people having friends
is important because they want other
people to be able to do things together
with but for me personally
all of the things i enjoy doing i don't
need friends to be able to do them i
don't know i'll probably just
go on tinder try and get some dates
try and get a girlfriend again
same as usual
so
get back to japan
to find a new wife
see if i can get married without my last
marriage being found out
[Music]
foreign